Add persian ner dataset (#1546)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/persian_ner/README.md

  - [Dataset Summary](#dataset-summary)
  - [Supported Tasks](#supported-tasks-and-leaderboards)
  - [Languages](#languages)
- [Dataset Structure](#dataset-structure)
  - [Data Instances](#data-instances)
  - [Data Fields](#data-instances)
  - [Data Splits](#data-instances)
- [Dataset Creation](#dataset-creation)
  - [Curation Rationale](#curation-rationale)
  - [Source Data](#source-data)
  - [Annotations](#annotations)
  - [Personal and Sensitive Information](#personal-and-sensitive-information)
- [Considerations for Using the Data](#considerations-for-using-the-data)
  - [Social Impact of Dataset](#social-impact-of-dataset)
  - [Discussion of Biases](#discussion-of-biases)
  - [Other Known Limitations](#other-known-limitations)
- [Additional Information](#additional-information)
  - [Dataset Curators](#dataset-curators)
  - [Licensing Information](#licensing-information)
  - [Citation Information](#citation-information)

## Dataset Description

- **Homepage:** 
- **Repository:** https://github.com/HaniehP/PersianNER
- **Paper:** https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/C16-1319.pdf
- **Leaderboard:**
- **Point of Contact:** 

### Dataset Summary

> The dataset includes 250,015 tokens and 7,682 Persian sentences in total. It is available in 3 folds to be used in turn as training and test sets. Each file contains one token, along with its manually annotated named-entity tag, per line. Each sentence is separated with a newline. The NER tags are in IOB format.

Reviewer: Description of the raw data files is unnecessary here. 
```suggestion
The dataset includes 7,682 Persian sentences, split into 250,015 tokens and their NER labels. It is available in 3 folds to be used in turn as training and test sets. The NER tags are in IOB format.
```

### Supported Tasks and Leaderboards

[More Information Needed]

### Languages

[More Information Needed]

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

> A data point consists of a token seperated by empty line afrom its ner_tag. 

Reviewer: Would be nice to have an actual example here, in JSON format. The following lines  should print an example from the dataset.
```python
dataset = load_dataset("persian_ner", "fold1")
print(dataset["train"][0])
```

### Data Fields

- `id`: id of the sample
 - `token`: the tokens of the example text
 - `label`: the NER tags of each token

The NER tags correspond to this list:
 ```
"","I-pers","B-fac","I-pro", "I-org", "O", "I-event", "B-pers",
"I-fac","B-org", "B-pro", "B-loc","B-event","I-loc",

>  ```

Reviewer: These lines will need to be re-written to match the requested changes

---
annotations_creators:
- expert-generated
language_creators:
- expert-generated
languages:
- fa
licenses:
- cc-by-4.0
multilinguality:
- monolingual
size_categories:

> - 100K<n<1M

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 1K<n<10K
```

  - [Curation Rationale](#curation-rationale)
  - [Source Data](#source-data)
  - [Annotations](#annotations)
  - [Personal and Sensitive Information](#personal-and-sensitive-information)
- [Considerations for Using the Data](#considerations-for-using-the-data)
  - [Social Impact of Dataset](#social-impact-of-dataset)
  - [Discussion of Biases](#discussion-of-biases)
  - [Other Known Limitations](#other-known-limitations)
- [Additional Information](#additional-information)
  - [Dataset Curators](#dataset-curators)
  - [Licensing Information](#licensing-information)
  - [Citation Information](#citation-information)

## Dataset Description

- **Homepage:** 
- **Repository:** https://github.com/HaniehP/PersianNER
- **Paper:** https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/C16-1319.pdf
- **Leaderboard:**
- **Point of Contact:** 

### Dataset Summary

The dataset includes 7,682 Persian sentences, split into 250,015 tokens and their NER labels. It is available in 3 folds to be used in turn as training and test sets. The NER tags are in IOB format.

### Supported Tasks and Leaderboards

[More Information Needed]

### Languages

[More Information Needed]

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

>  ```
> {'ner_labels': [1,
>   12,
>   6,
>   1,
>   8],
>  'tokens': ['دکتر',
>   'اکبر',
>   'میرعرب',
>   'در',
>   'همایش']}
>  ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 ```
{'ner_tags': [0,
  11,
  5,
  0,
  7],
 'tokens': ['دکتر',
  'اکبر',
  'میرعرب',
  'در',
  'همایش']}
 ```
```

### Data Fields

- `id`: id of the sample
 - `tokens`: the tokens of the example text

>  - `ner_labels`: the NER tags of each token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `ner_tags`: the NER tags of each token
```

The NER tags correspond to this list:
 ```

> "","I-pers","B-fac","I-pro", "I-org", "O", "I-event", "B-pers",
> "I-fac","B-org", "B-pro", "B-loc","B-event","I-loc",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"O", "I-event", "I-fac", "I-loc", "I-org", "I-pers", "I-pro", "B-event", "B-fac", "B-loc", "B-org", "B-pers", "B-pro"
```

---

> - YAML tags:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  'بر',
  'روی',
  'عنوان',
  'مشاور',
  'فلان',
  'مسئول',
  'بلندمرتبه',
  'تأکید',
  'میکنند',
  '؟',
  'اگر',
  'نشریه',
  'دیگری',
  'چنین',
  'کند',
  '،',
  'شدیدا',
  'مورد',
  'انتقاد',
  'آنان',
  'قرار',
  'نمیگیرد',
  'كه',
  'صورت',
  'خبر',
  'را',
  'بهانه',
  'کرده',
  'و',
  'موضوع',
  'دیگری',
  'را',
  'هدف',
  'قرار',
  'داده',
  'است',
  '؟',
  'بااینهمه',
  '،',
  'بازهم',
  'از',
  'قضاوت',
  'قطعی',
  'پرهیز',
  'کرده',
  '،',
  'میگوئیم',
  'فقط',
  'نتیجه',
  'مقایسه',
  'و',
  'تطبیق',
  'در',
  'يك',
  'وضعیت',
  'جامعالاطراف',
  'نشان',
  'خواهد',
  'داد',
  'كه',
  'رسانههای',
  'جبههی',
  'منتقد',
  'و',
  'مخالف',
  'رئیسجمهور',
  'و',
  'دولت',
  'در',
  'مقام',
  'نقادی',
  'واقعا',
  'یکسان',
  'و',
  'بدون',
  'تبعیض',
  'عمل',
  'کردهاند',
  'يا',
  'خدایناکرده',
  'ولو',
  'در',
  'عالم',
  'فرض',
  'به',
  'عنوان',
  'مثال',
  'غیر',
  'دولت',
  'و',
  'غیر',
  'رئیسجمهور',
  'را',
  'با',
  'نوازشهای',
  'لسانی',
  'و',
  'قلمی',
  'نقد',
  'کردهاند',
  'اما',
  'دولت',
  'و',
  'رئیسجمهور',
  'را',
  'با',
  'خمپارههای',
  'کلامی',
  'و',
  'نوشتاری',
  'هدف',
  'نقادیهای',
  'موسوم',
  'به',
  'نقد',
  'خیرخواهانه',
  'قرار',
  'دادهاند',

>   '.']}

Reviewer: A few comments:
- You can keep only the first 5 tokens or so, it will be more readable this way
- It would be nice to enclose this in a code block (delimited by three backticks ` )
- The ner_labels looks weird, why is it always 1? If this is a real sample from the dataset there's probably something wrong

Author: Resolved the first two points and on the third point, I think the first sentence of the train dataset just has 0 tags. This isn't a recurring issue so I just copied over the 5 examples from the second sentence.
